# Index of fonts
Ordinary Unicode fonts for use with bob's game and non-OpenType-savvy programs (e.g. Microsoft Word 2007). The fonts are available under the terms of the WTFPL license.
* My own version of the font with the same name as the game with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs like vowels with umlauts. **P.S.** The original font in the game itself is from the Hamtaro/Mario & Luigi RPG GBA games with modified glyphs. The original font in the Bob Corporation website is a web font and generated by Font Squirrel's generator according to the US English naming field with unknown ID 200.
* **BobsGame Big** – Based on the font used in Mario & Luigi RPG games for the Nintendo DS. **P.S.** This font was created in 2012-12-20 and was hosted in a subfolder in the Bob Corporation website.
* **BobsGame Mono** – Based on the “System VIO” font from OS/2 with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. **P.S.** The game author uploaded it to the Bob Corporation website in December 2015 and moved it to a subfolder.
* **BobsGame nD** – Based on the font in third/fourth generation Pokémon games with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. The numbers were taken from *Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow*. Windows Vista and newer fakes the font preview as Japanese (21 Kanji letters are included in this font).
* **Pixel Sans** – Based on the font used in many Nintendo 3DS, Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS games. This font was created in 2015 under the name of **DS Sans**. Windows Vista and newer fakes the font preview as Chinese (the ideographs are included in Pixel Sans Fallback).
* **Pixel Sans Fallback** – For use with Japanese and Korean. `fc-scan` does not show Japanese or Korean in the language fields despite these languages are supported.
* **Pixel Sans Terminal** – An alternate version with lowercase letters changed to match the font used in [UniPad](http://www.unipad.org/) (Sharmahd Computing, 1997-2006).
* **Pixel Sans Textbook** – Based on the font used in Western versions of Pokémon Black & White with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. This font has the same character set as the non-Fallback version of Pixel Sans.

## Tools used
* **CrystalTile2** – Freeware Licensed Software
* **High-Logic FontCreator 5.6** – Shareware Licensed Software
* **Microsoft Paintbrush, Windows XP version** – Software distributed with Windows
* **NFTREdit** – Freeware Licensed Software
* **Tinke** – GNU GPL Licensed Open-Source Software

## Installation Instructions
https://bobsgame.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Fonts

## NFTR version
The NFTR includes partial coverage of CP1252 (the missing characters are the non-breaking space (used in French for some punctuation marks), florin and small tilde). Use [Tinke](https://github.com/pleonex/tinke) to replace the font file.
1. Download the More English Training European ROM from ROM sites (e.g. ROM Hustler or Emuparadise) and open it. **NB:** ROM sites are not tolerated by GBAtemp.
2. Go to `common/fonts/data` and you'll see a file called **European_LC12.NFTR**.
3. Press the **Change file** button to replace the file.
4. Press the **Save ROM** button to save the ROM in a new name.
5. Test the font by playing the game in flash cards (e.g. TTDS) or emulators (e.g. NO$GBA).

**Note:** Don't try this in the Japanese or Korean versions of the game!
